App and API Protection Sensitive Data Scanner (#33983)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/api-inventory/_index.md

### Processing sensitive data

[App and API Protection][2] matches known patterns for sensitive data in API requests and responses. If it finds a match, the endpoint is tagged with the category and type of sensitive data processed.

The matching occurs within your application, and none of the sensitive data is sent to Datadog.

#### Supported data types

To see the supported data types (for example, `payment:card`), use the **Schema Sensitive Data** facet. You can also see the data type used in the **Sensitive Data** column.

#### Create custom scanners

By default, Datadog App and API Protection scans for PII, credentials, and payment types. Sensitive Data Detection provides custom scanners to define scanner data patterns beyond the defaults and improve visibilty into the sensitive data of your API traffic. 

In a custom scanner, you define a scanner category and type to classify API endpoints processing sensitive data (for example, `health_info:patient_id`). Next, you define the JSON key or value conditions that trigger the scanner.

> When sensitive data is detected, the scanner tags the API endpoint with the category and type and displays it in [API Endpoints][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the scanner detects sensitive data, it tags the API endpoint with the category and type and displays it in [API Endpoints][7].
```

Reviewer: Also might want to incorporate this into the previous paragraph? That might make it feel a little more like a full sequence; otherwise, people might think the paragraph break means that you're starting to talk about something else.
